I found the box shadow documentation, and read it. In it I found that I can invert the shadow effect with the inset parameter.
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_box-shadow.asp
I also applied blur to it.

I was trying to align my items vertically again, and I changed my .card css class. I found that I had to use "align-items: center" instead of "align-content: center". This messed up some of the previously corretly made content, but it was necessary.
I added "flex-direction: column" where I needed to fix the layout of a single block.

After that I tried to vertically align the text of the first block, so I used the "display: flex" attribute and I found that my :after line appeared. It wasn't in the right place, because it was next to my name and not under it, but using "flex-direction: column" I could fix that. I still had to use "justify-content: center" to pull them vertically in the middle.
It wasn't in the right place, it was on the left side and using text-align or justify-content didn't help now, so I used "margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto" which centered the line.
With this I managed to fix the first block of the page.

After tht I was messing with the quotes. I tried to figure out what could cause the difference between the first and the rest of the quotes and with the lack of a better idea I removed the "content: open-quote" attribute on the red backgrounded block. The quotation mark disappeared and the single quotation changed into double quotation on the black backgrounded block. The white background remained the same.
This made me think that this solution might not be the best for this problem. I changed the content attribute to "\"", which was ugly, but it worked. To make it look better I looked up the utf-8 code for a nicer quote mark. That didn't help, so I added 'css' to my google search. I found this page:
https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/q/quotes/
and I copied the character “ into my css and replaced open-quote with "“". That solved my situation and the quote marks showed properly in every place. At this point I realized that the third-sized blocks have closing quotes too but copying the "blockquote span:before" rule into "blockquote span:after" rule solved that really quick, I just had to replce the content to a closing quote character from the same site.